Update ef getting started (#47)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/getting-started/server/ef/index.md

:::

> :::info

Author: two didn't seem like too many to me, but really the info isn't necessary. It is _always_ the case that this page is for development, not production.

It just felt relevant since the `deployment` page was previously the place to go for EF beta deployments.

> :::info

Author: what's wrong with callouts?

> :::info

Reviewer: True, probably just me that dislike callouts below each other.

This page refers to setting up a Bitwarden instance to develop on, for instructions on testing out
our EF deployments for personal use, such as Bitwarden Unified, please see
[the help documentation](https://bitwarden.com/help/install-and-deploy-unified-beta/)

:::

## Background

Entity Framework (EF) is an ORM framework that acts as a wrapper around a database. It allows us to
support multiple (non-MSSQL) databases without having to maintain migration and query scripts for
each.

Our EF implementations currently support Postgres, mySQL, and SQLite3.

## Setting up EF databases

The workflow here is broadly the same as with the normal MSSQL implementation: set up the docker
container, configure user secrets, and run migrations against their relating databases in
chronological order.

### Requirements

- A working local development server
- Docker
- A way to manage user secrets in the server project - see
  [User Secrets Reference](../user-secrets.md)

> - Database management software (e.g. pgAdmin4 for Postgres, DBeaver for mySQL, or SQLiteStudio for

Reviewer: Should we reference the tools page here instead?

    docker compose --profile postgres up
    ```

> 2.  Add the following values to your API, Identity, and Admin user secrets, changing information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Add the following values to your API, Identity, and Admin user secrets, change information
```

    pwsh migrate.ps1 -postgres
    ```

>     :::note
> 
>     `pwsh migrate.ps1 -all` will run migrations for all database providers
> 
>     :::

Reviewer: I think we should try and avoid using to many callouts.

```suggestion
    You can also run migrations for all database providers at once using

    ```bash
    pwsh migrate.ps1 -all
    ```
```

Author: what's wrong with callouts?

They're a good way to draw attention to some buried fact you want to surface.
